Adding a new tutorial for Turnstile [Developer Spotlight program] (#18035)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/turnstile/tutorials/protecting-your-payment-form-from-attackers-bots-using-turnstile.mdx

```sh
curl http://localhost:8787
```

```sh output
Hello Hono!
```

So far, we've covered how to create a Worker project using `C3` and introduced the open source `Hono` framework that streamlines web-application development with Workers.

At the next step, we need to update the Hono project for supporting to web application.

## 3. Change index script file extension to .JSX

Since we will use JSX to dynamically create HTML, you will need to change `src/index.ts` to `src/index.tsx`.

```
mv src/index.ts src/index.tsx
```

At the same time, change the filename specified in the `wrangler.toml`.

```diff
#:schema node_modules/wrangler/config-schema.json
name = "secure-payment-form"
-main = "src/index.ts"
+main = "src/index.tsx"
compatibility_date = "2024-10-22"
```

## 4. Add the Stripe API key and Turnstile key as environment variables

To connect your web application to both Stripe and Turnstile, you must register the necessary API keys for Stripe and Turnstile as environment variables within your application.

You can obtain test site keys and secret keys for Turnstile from the [Turnstile documentation](/turnstile/reference/testing/).

> Get the publishable key and secret key for Stripe from the [Stripe dashboard].(https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/apikeys)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the publishable key and secret key for Stripe from the [Stripe dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/apikeys).
```

}
```

In local development using Hono and Wrangler, you can retrieve values set in `.dev.vars` like this:

```ts
app.get("/hello", async (c) => {
	console.log(c.env.TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY);
	return c.json({ message: "test" });
});
```

Now we are ready for application development. In the next steps, we will develop a payment form using Turnstile and Stripe.

## 5. Implement Bot Detection with Turnstile

Start by creating a form that uses Turnstile to detect bot access. Add the following code to `src/index.tsx` to create a simple form:

```ts
import { Hono } from "hono";

const app = new Hono<{
  Bindings: CloudflareBindings;
}>();

app.get("/", async (c) => {
  return c.html(
    <main>
      <form id="payment-form">
        <div id="payment-element"></div>
        <div id="result"></div>
        <button type="submit">Order</button>
      </form>
    </main>,
  );
});

export default app;

```

Add JavaScript code to our application to implement bot detection using Turnstile.
By adding this implementation, the order form submission process will be disabled until the Turnstile bot detection process is completed and it is confirmed that the access request is not from a bot.

> ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff lang="ts"
```

+              },
+            });
+          }
+        </script>
+      `}
    </main>,
  );
});

export default app;

```

This will load the Turnstile script file with a `script` tag. The `_turnstileCB` function is executed when the script file loading is complete, triggered by the `onload=_turnstileCB` in the query string.

In the `_turnstileCB` function, `turnstile.render()` is executed. The `callback` set here removes the `disabled` attribute from the submit `button` of the `form`.

This implementation blocks order operations for any requests that Cloudflare identifies as being made by a bots.

## 6. Integrate Turnstile with a Stripe payment form

To integrate Turnstile with a Stripe payment form, first you will need to install the Stripe SDK:

<Tabs> <TabItem label="npm">

```sh
npm install stripe
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="yarn">

```sh
yarn add stripe
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="pnpm">

```sh
pnpm add stripe
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

Next, implement the code to create a payment form in `src/index.tsx`. The following code creates a [Payment Intent](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents) on the server side:

> ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff lang="ts"
```

import { Hono } from "hono";
import { env } from "hono/adapter";
import { html } from "hono/html";
+import Stripe from "stripe";

const app = new Hono<{
  Bindings: CloudflareBindings;
}>();

app.get("/", async (c) => {
-  const { TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY } = env(c);
+  const { TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY, STRIPE_SECRET_KEY, STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY } =
    env(c);
+  const stripe = new Stripe(STRIPE_SECRET_KEY, {
+    apiVersion: "2024-10-28.acacia",
+    appInfo: {
+      name: "example/cloudflare-turnstile",
+    },
+  });
+  const paymentIntent = await stripe.paymentIntents.create({
+    amount: 100,
+    currency: "usd",
+  });
  return c.html(

```

Then, add the following code to display the payment form. Edit `src/index.tsx`:

> ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff lang="ts"
```

	const ip = c.req.header("CF-Connecting-IP");
	const paymentIntentId = body.payment_intent_id;

	const formData = new FormData();
	formData.append("secret", TURNSTILE_SECRET_KEY);
	formData.append("response", body.turnstile_token);
	formData.append("remoteip", ip || "");
	const turnstileResult = await fetch(
		"https://challenges.cloudflare.com/turnstile/v0/siteverify",
		{
			body: formData,
			method: "POST",
		},
	);
	const outcome = await turnstileResult.json<TurnstileResult>();

	await stripe.paymentIntents.update(paymentIntentId, {
		metadata: {
			turnstile_result: outcome.success ? "success" : "failed",
			turnstile_challenge_ts: outcome.challenge_ts,
		},
	});

	if (!outcome.success) {
		throw new HTTPException(401, {
			res: new Response(
				JSON.stringify({
					success: outcome.success,
					message: "Unauthorized",
					error_codes: outcome["error-codes"],
				}),
			),
		});
	}
	return c.json({
		success: outcome.success,
	});
});
```

Then, add the process to call the created API.

By executing this before calling Stripe's JavaScript SDK in the form's submit event, we can decide whether to proceed with the payment based on the server-side validation result:

> ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff lang="ts"
```

+    },
+    body: JSON.stringify({
+      turnstile_token: turnstileToken,
+      payment_intent_id: "${paymentIntent.id}",
+    }),
+  });
+  const preConfirmationResult = await preConfirmationResponse.json();
+  if (!preConfirmationResult.success) {
+    submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
+    resultElement.innerHTML = JSON.stringify(
+      preConfirmationResult,
+      null,
+      2,
+    );
+    return;
+  }

  const { error: submitError } = await elements.submit();
  if (submitError) {
    console.log(submitError);
    submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
    return;
  }
  const { error: confirmationError } = await stripe.confirmPayment({
    elements,
    confirmParams: {
      return_url: "http://localhost:8787",
    },
  });
```

By adding this step, we now perform a two-stage check using Turnstile before the payment process.

Since we're saving the Turnstile authentication result in the Stripe data, it is also easier to investigate if a user reports a payment failure.

If you want more strict control, you could add a process to invalidate the Stripe Payment Intent if authentication fails in the `POST /pre-confirm` API.

## Conclusion

> In online payments, it ss necessary to protect applications from bot attacks such as card testing and DDoS attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In online payments, it is necessary to protect applications from bot attacks such as card testing and DDoS attacks.
```

---
title: Protecting your payment form from attackers' bots using Turnstile
pcx_content_type: tutorial
updated: 2024-11-11
difficulty: Beginner
content_type: 📝 Tutorial
languages:
  - JavaScript
tags:
  - Node.js
  - Hono
  - Stripe
spotlight:
  author: Hidetaka Okamoto
  author_bio_link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hideokamoto/
  author_bio_source: LinkedIn
sidebar:
  order: 2

---

import { Render, TabItem, Tabs } from "~/components";

> This tutorial shows how you can build a more secure payment form using Turnstile. You can learn how to block bot access on the checkout page and trigger additional authentication flows by integrating Turnstile with Stripe

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how you can build a more secure payment form using Turnstile. You can learn how to block bot access on the checkout page and trigger additional authentication flows by integrating Turnstile with Stripe.
```

## Before you begin

- You must have a Cloudflare account

> - You must have a Stripe account

Reviewer 2: @db-cloudflare I think the other tutorials for Turnstile actually use "Before you begin"

> - You must have a Stripe account

Reviewer 3: Good point, this might be something to change across the board then rather than just on this one. Will revert it to 'Before you begin' for now.

## Get Your Turnstile sitekey and secret key

> 
> 1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First, you will need to prepare a Cloudflare Turnstile widget to use for this application.

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
```

2. Go to **Turnstile** and [create a new Turnstile widget](/turnstile/get-started/).
3. Copy the sitekey and the secret key to use in the next step.

## 1. Create a new Worker project

First, let's create a Cloudflare Workers project.

<Render file="c3-definition" product="workers" />

> To efficiently create and manage multiple APIs, let's use [`Hono`](https://hono.dev). Hono is an open-source application framework released by a Cloudflare Developer Advocate. It is lightweight and allows for the creation of multiple API paths, as well as efficient request and response handling.
> Open your command line interface (CLI) and run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To efficiently create and manage multiple APIs, let's use [`Hono`](https://hono.dev). Hono is an open-source application framework released by a Cloudflare Developer Advocate. It is lightweight and allows for the creation of multiple API paths, as well as efficient request and response handling.

Open your command line interface (CLI) and run the following command:
```

```sh
 ⛅️ wrangler 3.84.1
-------------------

⎔ Starting local server...
[wrangler:inf] Ready on http://localhost:8787
╭───────────────────────────╮
│  [b] open a browser       │
│  [d] open devtools        │
│  [l] turn off local mode  │
│  [c] clear console        │
│  [x] to exit              │
╰───────────────────────────╯

```

You can send a request to the API using the `curl` command. If you see the text `Hello Hono!`, the API is running correctly.

```sh
curl http://localhost:8787
```

```sh output
Hello Hono!
```

So far, we've covered how to create a Cloudflare Worker project and introduced tools and open-source projects like the `C3` command and the `Hono` framework that streamline development with Cloudflare. Leveraging these features will help you develop applications on Cloudflare Workers more smoothly.

## 2. Preparation for the building web application

By the default, we need to update the Hono project for supporting to web application.

> ### Change the file extension to support JSX

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 3. Change index script file extension to .JSX
```

> Since we'll use JSX to dynamically create HTML, let's change `src/index.ts` to `src/index.tsx`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since we will use JSX to dynamically create HTML, you will need to change `src/index.ts` to `src/index.tsx`.
```

```
mv src/index.ts src/index.tsx
```

At the same time, let's change the filename specified in the `wrangler.toml`.

```diff
#:schema node_modules/wrangler/config-schema.json
name = "secure-payment-form"
-main = "src/index.ts"
+main = "src/index.tsx"
compatibility_date = "2024-10-22"
```

> ### Register Stripe API key and Turnstile key as environment variables

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 4. Add Stripe API key and Turnstile key as environment variables
```

> Let's register API keys as environment variables to use both Stripe and Cloudflare Turnstile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To connect your web application to both Stripe and Turnstile, you must register the necessary API keys for Stripe and Turnstile as environment variables within your application.
```

You can obtain test site keys and secret keys for Cloudflare Turnstile from the documentation.

https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/reference/testing/

Get the publishable key and secret key for Stripe from the Stripe dashboard.

https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/apikeys

> And place each keys into the `.dev.vars` file like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, place each keys into the `.dev.vars` file like the following:
```

```
TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY = '1x00000000000000000000AA'
TURNSTILE_SECRET_KEY = '1x0000000000000000000000000000000AA'
STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY='Publishable key starting with pk_test_'
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY='Secret key starting with sk_test_'
```

> After that, you can generate TypeScript type definition by running the `npm run cf-typegen` command.
> ```sh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, you can generate TypeScript type definition by running the `npm run cf-typegen` command.

```sh
```

$ npm run cf-typegen

Generating project types...

interface CloudflareBindings {
        TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY: string;
        TURNSTILE_SECRET_KEY: string;
        STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY: string;
        STRIPE_SECRET_KEY: string;
}
```

In local development using Hono and Wrangler, you can retrieve values set in `.dev.vars` like this:

```ts
app.get('/hello', async c => {
    console.log(c.env.TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY);
    return c.json({ message: 'test' });
})
```

> Now we're ready for application development. In the next steps, we'll develop a payment form using Turnstile and Stripe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now we are ready for application development. In the next steps, we will develop a payment form using Turnstile and Stripe.
```

> ## 3. Implementing Bot Detection with Turnstile

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 5. Implementing Bot Detection with Turnstile
```

Let's start by creating a form that uses Turnstile to detect bot access. Add the following code to `src/index.tsx` to create a simple form:

```ts
import { Hono } from "hono";

const app = new Hono<{
  Bindings: CloudflareBindings;
}>();

app.get("/", async (c) => {
  return c.html(
    <main>
      <form id="payment-form">
        <div id="payment-element"></div>
        <div id="result"></div>
        <button type="submit">Order</button>
      </form>
    </main>,
  );
});

export default app;

```

Let's add JavaScript code to our application to implement bot detection using Turnstile.

> By adding this implementation, the order form submission process will be disabled until the Turnstile bot detection process is completed and it is confirmed that the access is not from a bot.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By adding this implementation, the order form submission process will be disabled until the Turnstile bot detection process is completed and it is confirmed that the access request is not from a bot.
```

+import { env } from "hono/adapter";
+import { html } from "hono/html";

const app = new Hono<{
  Bindings: CloudflareBindings;
}>();

app.get("/", async (c) => {
  const { TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY } = env(c);
  return c.html(
    <main>
      <form id="payment-form">
        <div id="payment-element"></div>
        <div id="result"></div>
+        <div class="cf-turnstile"></div>
+        <button type="submit" disabled>Order</button>
-        <button type="submit">Order</button>
      </form>
+      {html`
+        <script
+          src="https://challenges.cloudflare.com/turnstile/v0/api.js?onload=_turnstileCb"
+          defer
+        ></script>
+        <script>
+          let turnstileToken = "";
+          const submitButon = document.querySelector("button[type='submit']");
+          function _turnstileCb() {
+            turnstile.render(".cf-turnstile", {
+              sitekey: "${TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY}",
+              callback: function (token) {
+                turnstileToken = token;
+                submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
+              },
+            });
+          }
+        </script>
+      `}
    </main>,
  );
});

export default app;

```

> Here, we're loading the Turnstile script file with a `script` tag. The `_turnstileCB` function is executed when the script file loading is complete, triggered by the `onload=_turnstileCB` in the query string.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will load the Turnstile script file with a `script` tag. The `_turnstileCB` function is executed when the script file loading is complete, triggered by the `onload=_turnstileCB` in the query string.
```

In the `_turnstileCB` function, `turnstile.render()` is executed. The `callback` set here removes the `disabled` attribute from the submit `button` of the `form`.

> This simple implementation prevents order operations for accesses that Cloudflare identifies as bots.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This implementation blocks order operations for any requests that Cloudflare identifies as being made by a bots.
```

> ## 4. Integrating Turnstile with a Stripe Payment Form

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 6. Integrating Turnstile with a Stripe Payment Form
```

+              return;
+            }
+            if (submitButon) {
+              submitButon.setAttribute("disabled", true);
+            }
+            resultElement.innerHTML = "";
+            const { error: submitError } = await elements.submit();
+            if (submitError) {
+              console.log(submitError);
+              submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
+              return;
+            }
+            const { error: confirmationError } = await stripe.confirmPayment({
+              elements,
+              confirmParams: {
+                return_url: "http://localhost:8787",
+              },
+            });
+            submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
+            console.log(confirmationError);
+            resultElement.innerHTML = JSON.stringify(
+              confirmationError,
+              null,
+              2,
+            );
+          });
        </script>
      `}
```

The payment form is now ready. To experience how it behaves when a bot is detected, change `.dev.vars` as follows:

```diff
-TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY = '1x00000000000000000000AA'
+TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY = '2x00000000000000000000AB'
```

> If you restart the application now, you'll notice that you can't submit the payment form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you restart the application now, you will notice that you cannot submit the payment form.
```

![Failed challenge](~/assets/images/turnstile/payment-form.png)

This way, you can block requests trying to manipulate the payment form using bots, such as card testing attacks.
By verifying whether the `turnstileToken` is set by the `callback` of `turnstile.render()`, you can use Turnstile's result when processing the `form`'s `submit` event.

> Note: After completing the tests, let's make sure to revert the Turnstile SITE_KEY back to its original value.

Reviewer 2: Might be better as a note aside

    apiVersion: "2024-10-28.acacia",
    appInfo: {
      name: "example/cloudflare-turnstile",
    },
  });

  const body = await c.req.json();
  const ip = c.req.header("CF-Connecting-IP");
  const paymentIntentId = body.payment_intent_id

  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append("secret", TURNSTILE_SECRET_KEY);
  formData.append("response", body.turnstile_token);
  formData.append("remoteip", ip || "");
  const turnstileResult = await fetch(
    "https://challenges.cloudflare.com/turnstile/v0/siteverify",
    {
      body: formData,
      method: "POST",
    },
  );
  const outcome = await turnstileResult.json<TurnstileResult>();

  await stripe.paymentIntents.update(paymentIntentId, {
    metadata: {
      turnstile_result: outcome.success ? 'success' : 'failed',
      turnstile_challenge_ts: outcome.challenge_ts,
    },
  })

  if (!outcome.success) {
    throw new HTTPException(401, {
      res: new Response(
        JSON.stringify({
          success: outcome.success,
          message: "Unauthorized",
          error_codes: outcome["error-codes"],
        }),
      ),
    });
  }
  return c.json({
    success: outcome.success
  });
});

```

> Then, add the process to call the created API.
> By executing this before calling Stripe's JavaScript SDK in the form's submit event, we can decide whether to proceed with the payment based on the server-side validation result:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, add the process to call the created API.

By executing this before calling Stripe's JavaScript SDK in the form's submit event, we can decide whether to proceed with the payment based on the server-side validation result:
```

```diff
paymentForm.addEventListener("submit", async (e) => {
  e.preventDefault();
  if (!turnstileToken) {
    return;
  }
  if (submitButon) {
    submitButon.setAttribute("disabled", true);
  }
  resultElement.innerHTML = "";

+  const preConfirmationResponse = await fetch("/pre-confirm", {
+    method: "POST",
+    headers: {
+      "Content-Type": "application/json",
+    },
+    body: JSON.stringify({
+      turnstile_token: turnstileToken,
+      payment_intent_id: "${paymentIntent.id}",
+    }),
+  });
+  const preConfirmationResult = await preConfirmationResponse.json();
+  if (!preConfirmationResult.success) {
+    submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
+    resultElement.innerHTML = JSON.stringify(
+      preConfirmationResult,
+      null,
+      2,
+    );
+    return;
+  }

  const { error: submitError } = await elements.submit();
  if (submitError) {
    console.log(submitError);
    submitButon.removeAttribute("disabled");
    return;
  }
  const { error: confirmationError } = await stripe.confirmPayment({
    elements,
    confirmParams: {
      return_url: "http://localhost:8787",
    },
  });
```

> By adding this step, we now perform a two-stage check using Turnstile before the payment process.
> Since we're saving the Turnstile authentication result in the Stripe data, it's also easier to investigate if a user reports a payment failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By adding this step, we now perform a two-stage check using Turnstile before the payment process.

Since we are saving the Turnstile authentication result in the Stripe data, it is also easier to investigate if a user reports a payment failure.
```

If you want more strict control, you could add a process to invalidate the Stripe Payment Intent if authentication fails in the `POST /pre-confirm` API.

## Conclusion

> In online payments, it's necessary to protect applications from bot attacks such as card testing and DDoS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In online payments, it is necessary to protect applications from bot attacks such as card testing and DDoS attacks.

```
